OLS-2400: Document support for OLS API (#110626)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ols-proc-access-the-rest-api-directly.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
// lightspeed-docs-main/operate/ols-using-openshift-lightspeed.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="ols-proc-access-the-rest-api-directly_{context}"]
= Access the {ols-long} REST API directly

[role="_abstract"]

> Integrate {ols-official} with external tools, scripts, or systems by calling the OLS REST API. All versioned API endpoints use the `/v1` path, such as, `https://<route-host>/v1/<endpoint>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

You can integrate {ols-official}  with external tools and scripts by using the {ols-long} REST API. Use the versioned endpoints to programmatically interact with the service and extend its capabilities into your existing workflows.

All versioned API endpoints use the `/v1` path, such as, `https://<route-host>/v1/<endpoint>`.
```
